docs(IN-3860): Update integrations-related docs (#7075)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: docs/content/4.sdk/3.advanced/3.custom-modules.md

# Custom modules

::: tip When custom module is necessary?

> Many times, the default `middlewareModule` is enough to handle the communication with the Server Middleware. You can achieve even custom and extended logic of the endpoints by [extending the module](sdk/advanced/extending-module). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many times, the default `middlewareModule` is enough to handle the communication with the Server Middleware. You can achieve customizing the behavior and logic of the endpoints by [extending the module](sdk/advanced/extending-module). 
```

Create a new file `module.ts` and add the following code:

```typescript
import { Module } from "@vue-storefront/sdk";

const loggerModule = () => {
  return {
    connector: {},
    utils: {},
    subscribers: {},
  } satisfies Module;
};
```

The `connector`, `utils`, and `subscribers` are the parts of the module. The `connector` is the part that is responsible for the module's methods. The `utils` are the helper functions that can be used in the module. The `subscribers` are the functions that are called when the event is emitted.

## Connector

The connector is the part of the module that is responsible for the module's methods. The connector is an object that contains the methods.

```typescript [module.ts]
import { Module } from "@vue-storefront/sdk";

const loggerModule = () => {
  return {
    connector: {
      log: (message: string) => {
        console.log(message);
      },
    },
    utils: {},
    subscribers: {},
  } satisfies Module;
};
```

You can also separate the connector into a separate file. Create a new file `connector.ts` and add the following code:

```typescript [connector.ts]
import { Connector } from "@vue-storefront/sdk";

> const loggerConnector = () => {

Author: fixing, ty

  });
};
```

Now, the `log` method is logging the message to the console and sending it to the server.

## Utils

Utils are the helper functions that can be helpful when working with the module. For example, you can create a helper function that is adding a timestamp.

```typescript [module.ts]
import { Module } from "@vue-storefront/sdk";
import { loggerConnector } from "./connector";

const loggerModule = () => {
  return {
    connector: loggerConnector(),
    utils: {
      formatMessage: (message: string) => {
        return `${new Date().toISOString()} - ${message}`;
      },
    },
    subscribers: {},
  } satisfies Module;
};
```

## Subscribers

Subscribers are the functions that are called when the event is emitted. For example, you can create a subscriber that is logging the message to the server.

```typescript [module.ts]
import { Module } from "@vue-storefront/sdk";
import { loggerConnector } from "./connector";

const loggerModule = () => {
  return {
    connector: loggerConnector(),
    utils: {
      formatMessage: (message: string) => {
        return `${new Date().toISOString()} - ${message}`;
      },
    },
    subscribers: {

>       "*_after": (payload) => {

Reviewer: Where does `*_after*` come from? It would be nice to describe a list of the available hooks that can be subscribed to.

Author: Added an info with a link

        fetch("https://example.com/log", {
          method: "POST",
          body: JSON.stringify(payload),
        });
      },
    },
  } satisfies Module;
};
```

Now, the subscriber is logging the payload to the server after every method call of every SDK module.

Finally, you can use the module in your application.

```typescript
import { initSdk, buildModule } from "@vue-storefront/sdk";

> import { loggerModule } from "./module";

Reviewer: Similar to the comment about exports. None of our code snippets export this module.

Author: Fixing, ty
